[[Chardalyn]] each character has a piece

# Prep
Review Characters
- Myra: Looking for cure for sister. Bard. Singing to bring joy.
- Kai: Tiefling, looking to break curse on father. Sent here by Grandmother [[Maeve]] to discover more. She has influence at Strixhaven
- Sam: recently saw his stolen identity person in mirror. Emerald saw this image. Getting nervous about being followed
- Emerald: wood elf druid, recently quit smoking weed
	- Smokey: squirrel

Strong Start
A musty stink of animals and singed hair hangs in the stale air. Myra stands face to face with Ravisin, a [[Frost Druids]] follower of Auril. Emerald is in wolf form behind Ravisin with Sam and Kai at the entrance having hurled missleds and chromatic fire orbs that did damage. A group of 8 fierce looking wolves appears around the group, surrounding them and trapping them in this small quarters tomb with a sarcophagus in the middle. 

Potential Scenes
- Battle vs Ravisin and the wolves
	- Sahnar the moon elf mummy shows up to help
- Exploring the tomb for more clues about Auril
	- find ravisins journal
- Myra asks a question in the mirror
- 
Secrets and Clues
- Chardalyn used to awaken beasts
- [[Vaelish Gant]] might know how to infuse Chardalyn with power
- Vaelish Gant is in a prison at Revel's End
- Chardalyn can be found in the mines of Termalaine
- Chardalyn can be infused with magic
- Large gem of Chardalyn is rumoured to be the source of Auril's corruption
- [[Revels End]] holds some of Sword Coast's most heinous criminals
	- 20 miles north of Lonlywood (20hrs by dog sled, 40 on foot with snowshoes)
- The duerger despot that has people mining in the area of chardalyn has connections to the feydark
- 
Fantastical Locations
Important NPCs
Monsters
Magic Items
- duergar war pick - The weapon's **haft is wrapped in dark, shimmering silk**, woven with **strange Fey glyphs** that seem to shift when observed. Same thing was wrapped around swords Myra found. 
