- Talk to [[Zaghnar]] the moon elf mummy
- [[Zaghnar]] told them about: 
	- [[Arcane Brotherhood]], 
	- Duergar, 
	- [[Auril]]'s [[Frost Druids]]
	- [[Chardalyn]]'s ability to hold and focus energy
	- The goal of [[Auril]]'s Frost Druids to bring balance to the world by creating a vast area of ice and cold
- "What in the [[7 dwarf hells]]" - [[Emerald]]
- Characters explored the Elven Tombs and found the half-moon tombs and [[full moon mirror]] that wasn't working
- Mirror Questions
	- [[Myra]] asked if her sister is still alive -> sees fear in herself
	- [[Sam|Sam]] asks _____ -> sees a fraud
	- [[Kai]] asked "Am I ready" -> sees eyes turn red and was wearing jewelled crown
- The crew goes into the tomb
- [[Myra]] casts silence around the area
- [[Myra]] goes to mirror to try to pull it off but can't
- [[Emerald]] gives [[Kai]] bowl of [[Valerian Root|Valerian]] root to give the white moose
- [[Kai]] puts the bowl under the [[White Moose]]'s nose, White Moose falls asleep.
- [[Emerald]] removes 5 pieces of [[Chardalyn]] from the Moose's antlers. Each character receives a piece.
	- When [[Myra]] receives it, feels a sense of confidence that these are the friends and solution she is looking for to bring balance to her grove and potentially save her sister. A druid that can brew potions, a friend in [[Kai]], and [[Sam]]'s book knowledge
	- [[Sam]] feels the potential of power when he has crystal
	- [[Emerald]] feels confidence, like she doesn't need to smoke
- [[Emerald]] investigates the sleeping animals, wakes up a goat that seems like it is all good
- Examine doors to tombs and see half-moons.
- Figure out that they need the light of the moon to shine on the moon signs outside to activate things
- [[Emerald]] shines moon beam while [[Myra]] and [[Kai]] are at doors and [[Sam]] is at mirror
- [[Myra]]'s door opens to tomb with [[Ravisin]] in it.
- [[Kai]] opens sarcophagus with
	- unstrung bow
	- six silvered arrowheads
	- wooden cup with a winged fish etched into the side
- Mirror Questions
	- [[Sam]] asks: "How do I get the magic of [[Ythryn]]?" -> Answer: follow the [[Chardalyn]]. The [[Arcane Brotherhood]] holds the key.
	- [[Sam]] asks: "Where is [[Auril]]?" -> Answer: Describe [[Grimskalle]], and her throne room where a white light was on the throne.
	- [[Emerald]]: "Can I ever go home?" -> Image of women with beads and feathers in hair, herself gathering herbs, green nature and growth flowing from [[Emerald]] in a circle pushing back the cold, and topping bowl of healing potion into young girls mouth that looks like [[Myra]]. Told to follow [[Leafbinder]], master your craft, bring the balance, and help those in need.
	- [[Sam]]: "Is [[Sam]] after me" -> sees image of the [[real Sam]] huddled up in worn down clothes begging for Money
	- [[Kai]]: "How can I defeat him?" -> Shown an image of noble tiefling man sitting on throne holding septer with [[Chardalyn]] on top. "Destroy the gem, break the curse".
	- [[Emerald]]: "Is [[Smokey]] a Squirrel?" -> Shown old wizard man knocked over the head and turned into a squirrel. "He is a squirrel"
- [[Myra]] tries to convince [[Ravisin]] that she is also a follower of [[Auril]]. Uses Halt command on her. Tries to open Sarcophagus. [[Ravisin]] figures her out, casts Moonbeam. [[Myra]] drops silence spell and calls for help. Others come running. [[Sam]] casts missle and hits. [[Kai]] casts chromatic fire orb and hits. [[Emerald]] turns into wolf, jumps over the others and through the moonbeam going for [[Ravisin]]'s throught. She misses and ends up behind [[Ravisin]].
- [[Ravisin]] summons 8 wolves that surround the group.