## Weekly Goals
1. Reach out to 2 groups in [[Job Search Plan]]
2. ~~Plan out ITCE Website work to complete handover~~
3. ~~Plan out HuddlyAI work and send estimate~~

## Successes
1. Soft launch of ITCE website with request for feedback
2. Processed feelings about Harm and identified vulnerabilities about self-love
3. 

## Daily Plan
### Feb 13
1. ~~Reach out to Eneco contact to let them know about job thing~~
2. HuddlyAI development
	1. Make the site mobile friendly
	2. Connect to backend
3. Reach out to next group for job opportunities
4. ~~Follow up with House of Clouds~~
5. ~~Fix ITCE single page past show format~~
6. ~~Find new meeting time with Navid email~~
### Feb 11
7. Review incomplete items and organize backlog
8. ~~Optimize ITCE website for Mobile view~~
	1. ~~Use GPT to identify systematic way to do this~~
	2. ~~Do least amount of work approach~~
9. Connect huddlyAI to backend in railway
### Feb 10
10. ~~buy cat toys~~
11. ~~pick DHL cat scratch~~
12. return earmuffs
13. ~~plan valentines day~~
14. ~~ITCE launch scope~~
	1. ~~Review SOW~~
	2. ~~Click through current site~~
	3. ~~identiy absolute must finish items to launch site to do audition call~~
15. ITCE website updates
16. ~~Updated and send HuddlyAI scope to Brett~~
17. ~~send 2nd degree dinner for Feb 27~~
18. ~~follow up with Jake~~
19. ~~go to gym~~


# Backlog
- Taxes for Moving Data Insight
- Shut down MobilityDB eenmenzak
- find mobility data source for Mubashir
	- follow up with mobility data providers to see if they have data for Oman.
- EKG LLM plan -> prompt context build, pattern matching, automated pattern detection
- ITCE Website - Complete and handhover
- Apply for audiitons ITCE