
# Weekly Goals
1. Drop off for APK
2. Release Huddly Feat: questionaire to main branch
3. Have a execution plan with timeline on Shexon Project

# Successes


# Daily Plan

- ~~Start building Specific Execution Plans one at a time to build the 18hr product.~~
- ~~Record video for Marlene -> YouTube upload.~~
- Record video log
- ~~Amazon~~
	- ~~Bbq~~
	- ~~cheery pitter~~
	- ~~Jars for overnight oats~~
	- ~~Meal prep cylinders~~
	- ~~drill bits~~ 
	- Table saw
- Log hours from all nighters.
- Pay rent


- ~~==Send the plan to Fatima and Brett==~~
- ~~==**Finish changing LinkedIn Picture on post~~**==
- ~~==**Answer slack messages~~**==
NEXT UP:
1. Finish moving the 3 questions over into main questionaire.
2. Execute 18hr plan!


Pride and Prejudic Audition - Due June 15 at midnight
Huddly Demo
- turn MExit into customizable RAG LLM accessible via API call
- Use Zod to enforce all types as we will be moving across multiple internal services communicating via API and REST calls. 
- Decide how to manage auxiliary functions that were used to generate the RAG vector DB. where should these exist? With the RAG LLM? In their own service? They are together now, let’s keep it practical and not move something we don’t have to, but let’s make sure we are documenting things well and have good process and development hygiene in place. 
- Chatbot personality -> write a life summary/CV with memories and experiences that we want Huddly to have. We will also develop his personality, mannerisms, style, etc. so that they really feel like a real person to the user. 
- The users should all have a similar experience with the chatbot, but each experience should be personal. Huddly will need to remember key details about the user. This would be easiest done using an industry standard long term memory system of key information the user shares. We should take advantage of the best API coding structure and model that can manage the conversational context and stuff for us. Let’s off load the tech as much as possible. 
- Build a database with key information about the user as we come across. This will happen during conversations with the chatbot Huddly. We need to be scraping all file uploads, conversations, text, VMs etc. for data about the user the we can store in a structured database. This is the information we determine to be most essential in the context of growing a business to prepare for liquidation of assets (selling your shares or exiting your company). 
- Use the scoring system being used to generate readiness scores along with the information gathered through the questionnaire being fed by the website backend (schema drive UI). We will continue storing user data and information in this central database as it is already connected to the scoring system and the website, which is the technical core of the system. 
- Do a top to bottom analysis and audit on the website codebase. Implement Zod for all type safety. Review the current cursor rules being used. Summarize the codebase tech stack and any future adjustments or changes that need to be made to accommodate the technical vision. 
- Given how we are looking to use the system, future proof it by adjusting or adding things like Zod. We need to be careful not to refactor too so much that we start breaking things that work. It’s a fragile system.

## 4 June
5. ~~**add vacation plans to Huddly calendar**~~
6. ~~estimate time for headshots~~
	1. ~~Practice edits~~
	2. ~~time~~
	3. ~~market rate~~
7. Review Huddly new todo list. (30min)
8. ~~send photography quote for headshots.~~
9. **Read Festen Play Lines**
10. **Complete Huddly Feat: questionaire.**
11. **Contact Marek about the mail. Ask Beata.**
12. **Make photos of my day for Grandpa**
13. **Plan date night**
14. fix ITCE website
	1. formatting looks like wordpress change?
	2. Beata is sending email for quote change
15. ~~Plant new plants in container~~
16. ~~FIx cat scratch box~~
17. ~~Call Jaap about the sink in the kitchen~~
18. ~~Fix drainage in kitchen and bathroom~~
19. ---DAY END---

20. Record new MExit demo video
21. send follow up propsal/ restart summary for Grant Capitalist
22. Discuss IP for graph RAG method
23. White label Huddly AI exit application
24. Pay ticket for car (end of June deadline, but do ASAP)

## 3 June 
1. ~~Send Huddly invoice~~
2. ~~Send equity terms~~
	1. ~~find notes on google drive~~
	2. ~~feed notes + requests into ChatGPT~~
	3. ~~Receive email/ message that I can share with my "demands"~~
3. ~~send moto styuff posting~~
4. ~~Follow up with Navid~~
	1. ~~congratulate on successful event~~
	2. ~~Schedule time to discuss integratioon of new developers.~~
5. Find camping sites
---




# Backlog
## Work
### Huddly AI
3. ==Provide equity terms for contract== 
4. ==FEAT: Exit Readiness==
	1. ==Merge first 3 questions into full flow.==
	2. ==Test questions scoring.==
	3. ==Standardize look/feel==
5. Setup email signature
6. Setup email confirmation when user signs up or finishes onboarding
7. Setup email notification to Brett and Fatima when new user signs up
### Admin
- Get access to Notion site and transfer everything out
- Taxes for Moving Data Insight
- Shut down MobilityDB eenmenzak
- MDI website
	- remove noindex
	- add GDPR banner -> Use beautiful cookies banner
### Biz Dev
#### Website
- ==Finish building new website with sales funnel approach on lovable.==

#### Graph RAG LLM -White-labelled Product
- ==white label Huddly AI x MExit application as something that can be used with any domain==
	- build first run on post conference documents via Banff Pipeline Conference
#### Follow ups
**Mubashir**
- find mobility data source for Mubashir
	- follow up with mobility data providers to see if they have data for Oman.
	- Make appointment for mobility data (Nate)
**David Parker**
- Proposal for David Parker: Copilot Bot
- Apply to large energy systems projects
	- [KIC Data spaces for the energy transition | NWO](https://www.nwo.nl/en/calls/kic-data-spaces-for-the-energy-transition)
	- [MOOI: Systeemintegratie | RVO.nl](https://www.rvo.nl/subsidies-financiering/mooi-systeemintegratie)
**Victor**
- read victors paper
	- Scan through paper to understand what was built
	- Summarize with CHatGPT
	- Generate 10 ideas for using the engine as a niche product or problem fix
	- Expand 1 of the ideas into marketing funnel
	- setup ladning page for business ides
### EKG LLM
5. Build out next steps plan for EKGLLM
6. Schedule next EKGLM build session
- EKG LLM plan -> prompt context build, pattern matching, automated pattern detection
- Template LLM platform
	- Start project repo, move over roadmap from ChatGPT (MDI Chats Folder)
### ITCE Website
- build payment system
### Shexon
5. ==click around the platform to see where exactly the build is at==
6. ==Follow up with Navid about project kickoff with the other developers==
## Personal Projects
## Home
- print photobook of Andorra trip
- transition adambron.com to React
