---
title: 2026 Goals
date: 2026-01-05
tags: [goals, direction]
energy: calm, confident
section: 2026
public: true
---

# 2026 Goals

1. **Journal every day**
   Journal = write something down. Reflect on day.

2. **Meditate every day**
   Minimum = box breathing for 1 minute.

From these 2 goals, the rest will follow.

**Big outputs:**

* Buy house
* Get married

I want to feel more in control of my life.
Slower pace. More time between activities. Instead of rushing from place to place, I want to arrive early. I want oversight of things coming up in my day, week, month, year, while also staying present in the moment.

Cooking is important to me and I like to give it time to do it. I plan my weeks and days ahead of time. I leave early to get places with time to spare so that I can relax. I journal to reflect on my life and feelings. It’s something that feels good. I play sports: squash and maybe padel. I play DnD and board games and spend lots of social time with friends. I’m suggestive on screen time, always stopping promptly, because my sleep routine keeps everything humming along smoothly.

I take time at work. I think high level while going consistent with execution. I value completion way more than perfection. It’s all about getting it done quickly instead of getting it perfect. I stay in the moment and work things to completion right away at the end of work, which is why I always leave myself a little extra time for everything.

I journal to reflect and slow things down.
I give myself time and focus so that I can finish things to completion.

**Lights out @ 11:30 pm**
**Screens out @ 10 pm**
